docs: instruct to not execute hooks with driver (#508)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/arbitrate/solver/driver.md

In the post-processing step the driver applies multiple sanity checks to the solution, encodes it into a transaction that can be executed on-chain and verifies that it actually simulates successfully before it considers the solution valid.
All this is done because solvers can get slashed for misbehaving so the reference driver checks all it can to reduce the risk of running a solver as much as possible.

:::note

> The driver runs pre- and post-hooks for the solver, don't execute these yourself in your solver code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The driver encodes all matched orders' pre- and post-hooks for the solver, the solver does not have to add them in its solution. The `preInteractions` and `postInteractions` that can be added to a solution are only needed for additional calls the solver needs to execute to make the solution work.
```
(my wording is just a suggestion feel free to rephrase to make it more understandable - mostly wanted to point out that hooks get handled not like the text suggested).
For context: the hooks don't get run in the driver or the solver code. To make sure a hook gets executed the need to be encoded and added to the settlement transaction that the driver eventually submits to the blockchain.

> The driver encodes all matched orders' pre- and post-hooks for the solver, the solver does not have to add them in its solution. The `preInteractions` and `postInteractions` that can be added to a solution are only needed for additional calls the solver needs to execute to make the solution work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The driver encodes all matched orders' pre- and post-hooks for the solver, so the solver does not have to add them in its solution. The `preInteractions` and `postInteractions` that can be added to a solution are only needed for additional calls that the solver needs to execute to make the solution work.
```
